# Problems I had with Apple's restrictive software.
## Albert Swingler. May 1, 2020

Apple has a reputation for making software that is very user friendly and easy to use but it is also known for being extremely controling and not allowing the use to make customizations or adjust settings or things like that. A few weeks ago my left airpod started rattling in my ear when playing certain freqencies or when standing near things making a lot of noise like washing machines and cars. Because this was a hardware defect the only solution was to get a replacement for my left airpod but because there are no apple stores in Chico and all the other apple stores were starting to close because of Covid-19, I had to try to get a replacement onine. I contacted apple support and got them to send me a replacement left airpod. At this point I thought that as soon as the replacement came my problem would be solved but I was completely wrong.

The issue I ran into now was that my original right airpod and the replacement left airpod were both running different firmware versions. The replacement came with version 2B58 and my original was running 2C54. Apple likes to pretend that its devices work magically so It took me a while of wondering why I these two airpods wouldn't work together for me to realize that maybe they are on different and incompatable firmware versions. At this point I figured that I could just update the replacement airpod and be on my way but I was wrong. Because Apple pretends that these run on magic instead of software, there is no way for the user to initiate a software update, all you can do is hope and pray that at some point it recieves the update. So now I have two airpods that I cant use together until the new one gets and update at some point. After waiting for a few days to get it to update I contact Apple support again and see if there is a trick to get them to update but nothing they suggested forced the replacement airpod to update to the firmware version of my original airpod. At this point I was extremely frustrated because I did not have access to any other headphones. I decided to do a bit more research on my own and found out that the firmware version I needed my new airpod to update to had been pulled and was no longer avaliable! I was very annoyed with Apple at this point since they had sent me a replacement airpod that was not compatible with my existing airpod! After I realized this I contacted Apple support for a third time and had them send me an entire replacement set. When that came I was relieved that I finally had a working pair of airpods again. 

In conclusion I finally got my airpods fixed but it took so much longer than it should have and it was so ridiculous and wasteful for them to send me an airpod incompatible with my existing one. Hopefully in the future Apple will be more transparent with the sofware on their accessories because preventing the user from preforming a software update doesn't help anyone.


![airpods with left one missing)(https://github.com/UsabilityEngineering/uxportfolio-aswingler1/blob/master/assets/DuuwK6pVYAAXqCP.jpg)


