# My frustrating experience at the Safeway gas station
## Albert Swingler, February 18, 2020

Earlier this week I needed to put gas in my car and decided to use the Safeway gas station. One of the reasons I try to go to the Safeway gas station when it's conventient is because if you are a Safeway member and have a club card you can use the points you earn from buying food at Safeway for a slight discount per gallon on gas. In order to redeme your points you need to enter your club card number **before** inserting your credit or debit card. Whenever I get gas I try to spend as little time dealing with the payment terminals and usually put my card in as soon as I can. The problem with the Safeway terminals is that in order to use your accrued points, you need to enter your club card number as the very first step and before you even put your credit card in. If you insert your card but before you even begin pumping gas you remember that you have points you want to use the system will not allow you to then enter your club card number without cancelling the transaction and starting again.  Almost every time I use one of their gas stations I make this mistake and have to cancel my transaction and start again. This user experince failure is particulary frustrating to me because when I buy food at Safway I can enter my club card number at any point up until I'm paying. 

seemules: I think this interaction fails on the **efficient**, **error tolerant** and **satisfying** aspects. When I have to cancel the transaction half way through and start it over because I forgot to enter my club card number before I did anything else it is not efficient, error tolerant or satisfying at all. Effieciency is ruined by having to restart every time. And it is not error tolerant since the only way to correct my error is to start from the beginning. And lastly, it is certainly not satisfying at all. Nothing about pumping gas is plesant so having to spend even more time doing it doesn't feel good.

One simple solution for this problem is to use one of the several unused buttons on the terminals keypad and some of the empty space on its screen to allow for the customer to select a button and then enter their club card at any point up until they start pumping gas. This would bring it more in line with the software running on the terminals in the store that are used for food purchases. 
